update(kafka integration): Add `max_wait_time` to Advanced Config (#2718)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/data-bridge-kafka.md

| TCP Keepalive                             | This configuration enables TCP keepalive mechanism for Kafka bridge connections to maintain ongoing connection validity, preventing connection disruptions caused by extended periods of inactivity. The value should be provided as a comma-separated list of three numbers in the format `Idle, Interval, Probes`:<br />Idle: This represents the number of seconds a connection must remain idle before the server initiates keep-alive probes. The default value on Linux is 7200 seconds.<br />Interval: The interval specifies the number of seconds between each TCP keep-alive probe. On Linux, the default is 75 seconds.<br />Probes: This parameter defines the maximum number of TCP keep-alive probes to send before considering the connection as closed if there's no response from the other end. The default on Linux is 9 probes.<br />For example, if you set the value to '240,30,5,' it means that TCP keepalive probes will be sent after 240 seconds of idle time, with subsequent probes sent every 30 seconds. If there are no responses for 5 consecutive probe attempts, the connection will be marked as closed. | `none`             |

> | Max Linger Time                           | Maximum duration for a per-partition producer to wait for messages in order to collect a batch to buffer. The default value `0` means no wait. For non-memory buffer mode, it's advised to configure at least `5ms` for less IOPS. | `0` milliseconds   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Linger Time                           | Maximum duration for a per-partition producer to wait for messages in order to collect a batch to buffer. The default value `0` means no wait. For non-memory buffer mode, `5ms` will significantly reduce IOPS, though with the cost of increased latency. | `0` milliseconds   |
```
